# ChatBot iOS App Project Documentation

This document serves as an initial documentation for the ChatBot project developed in Xcode 15 for iOS 17, using Swift 5. ChatBot is a chat application that integrates the OpenAI API to provide responses generated by an advanced language model such as GPT (Generative Pre-trained Transformer), and it utilizes Firebase as the database for storing messages and other relevant information.

## Overview

ChatBot is an ongoing project aiming to offer an intelligent and interactive chat experience for iOS users. It leverages the natural language processing capabilities of OpenAI to generate contextual and relevant responses in conversations. Additionally, Firebase is used to store conversation history and other necessary information to enhance the user experience.

## System Requirements

- Xcode 15 or later
- iOS 17 or later
- Swift 5
- Firebase account
- Access to the OpenAI API

## Project Setup

1. Clone the project repository to your local environment.
```bash
https://github.com/Lophiester/ChatGPTIOS.git
```
2. Open the project in Xcode.
3. Run the project on your simulator or device.
3. Open the project in Xcode 15.
4. Ensure all dependencies are installed and up to date.
5. Configure Firebase and OpenAI API keys in the project.
6. Run the application on an iOS simulator or device for testing.

## Key Features

1. **Real-Time Chat**: The application allows users to initiate conversations and receive real-time responses, thanks to the integration with OpenAI.

2. **Message Storage**: All exchanged messages are stored in Firebase, enabling access to conversation history and retrieval of previous conversations.

3. **User Authentication**: Implement user authentication using Firebase Authentication to ensure security and personalization of interactions.

4. **User-Friendly Interface**: The application offers an intuitive and user-friendly interface to facilitate user interaction with ChatGPT.

## Under Development


This document will be updated as the project development progresses. Thank you for your attention and interest in my ChatGPT project for iOS!
